Name: Alonzo Greene
Date Created: October 27, 2024


Program Description:
The purpose of this program is to create a regular expression pattern that will
allow a user to input multiple sentences starting with words or numbers then count
them after printing those sentences out.



Functions:
1. Function Name: sentence_count(s)
   Description: This function creates two regular expression patterns for sentence
   matching and counting. Then it will print the sentences line by line and display
   the sentence count.

   Parameters:
   1. s(variable for user input) - This is a string with multiple sentences.

   Variables:
   1. pat (re string pattern) - Holds the regular expression pattern that represents
   multiple sentences.
   2. sen_pat (re string pattern) - Holds the regular expression pattern that
   identifies a sentence for the sentence count.
   3. m(re findall method) - Holds the findall method that will identify if
   the sentences match the pattern.
   4. sen(re findall method) - Holds the findall method that finds how many
   sentences are a match.
   5. sen_count(variable storing the len function) - Uses the len function
   to count every sentence that matched the sen_pat variable.

   Logical Steps:
   1. Create a re pattern for a sentence.
   2. Create a re pattern that helps identify a sentence.
   3. Create a match variable that has "DOITALL" or "MULTILINE" flags set to look
   ahead for the end of the current sentence after a space and beginning of a new
   sentence or the end of the line.
   4. Create a sentence variable using the findall method that validates whether it's
   a sentence or not.
   5. Create a for loop that prints every sentence line by line.
   6. Use the len function to count the length of the sentence variable.
   7. Use an f string to print out the sen_count variable. This will display the
   total number of sentences.

   Returns: None

2. Function Name: main()
    Description: Takes in user input then calls the sentence_count function on the input
    variable.

    Parameters: None

    Variables:
    1. s(user input string) - Holds the user input string.

    Logical Steps:
    1. Create an input variable.
    2. Call the sentence_count function on the input variable.

    Returns: None

Logical Steps:
1. Create a variable for user input to call a function on.
2. Call the sentence_count function.
3 Call the main function to execute the program.

Link to your repository: https://github.com/ADG294/ProgrammingAssignments

