Name: Alonzo Greene
Date Created: October 13, 2024


Program Description:
This program imports the regular expression package then
creates functions that validate different patterns.
The program then asks a user for input then calls the previous
created functions on the input.
Create a function to validate phone numbers.



Logical Steps:
1. Create a phone number validation function.
2. Create a regular expression pattern for phone numbers.
3. Create an if/else statement that validates if the phone number is a full match
   to the pattern.
5. Create a social security number validation function.
6. Create a regular expression pattern for social security numbers.
7. Create an if/else statement that validates if the social security number
   is a full match to the pattern.
8. Create a zip code validation function.
9. Create a regular expression pattern for zip codes.
10. Create an if/else statement that validates if the zip code
   is a full match to the pattern.
11. Create the main function and ask user for different inputs.
12. Call each function after asking user for each input.
13. Call the main function to execute the program.


Variables:
1. pattern : Regular expression pattern in the scope of the phone number
   validation function.
2. pattern : Regular expression pattern in the scope of the social security number
   validation function.
3. pattern : Regular expression pattern in the scope of the zip
   code validation function.
4. n : Input for user's phone number.
5. ssn : Input for user's social security number.
6. zip_c : Input for user's zip code.


Functions:
1. Function Name: valid_phone
    Description: Validates user's phone number input.
    Parameters: n
    Returns: Either prints valid phone number or invalid phone number.
2. Function Name: valid_ssn
    Description: Validates user's social security number input.
    Parameters: ssn
    Returns: Either prints valid social security number or invalid social security number.
3. Function Name: valid_zip
    Description: Validates user's phone number input.
    Parameters: zip_c
    Returns: Either prints valid zip code or invalid zip code.
4. Function Name: main
    Description: Executes program and calls the reduce function as well as the lambda functions and add function.
    Parameters: no parameters
    Returns: no returns




Repository Link: https://github.com/ADG294/ProgrammingAssignments