Name: Alonzo Greene
Date Created: November 24, 2024


Program Description:
The purpose of this program is to create a csv file (if one isn't already created),
then store its data to a file that will be sliced into a numpy array.
after being sliced methods will be used on the data in order to calculate the
mean, median, standard deviation, min, and max then print how many students
passed and failed each exam. After, it will print the pass percentage from all the exams.



Functions:
1. Function Name: students()
   Description: This function creates a csv file if one isn't already created that
   stores data.

   Parameters:
   None

   Variables:
   1. file_path - Creates the name of the file.
   2. writer - Holds the csv file object.
   3. first - Holds a student's first name
   4. last - Holds a student's last name
   5. exam_1 - Holds a student's score for exam 1
   6. exam_2 - Holds a student's score for exam 2
   7. exam_3 - Holds a student's score for exam 3

   Logical Steps:
   1. Initialize the file path variable.
   2. Create a try except block that checks if the created file exists or not.
   3. Within in the try except block create a loop that takes user input on each
   iteration.

   Returns:
   None

2. Function Name: student_scores()
    Description: This function generates data from the csv file and slices the columns
     needed into arrays that can be used in different methods to be calculated.

    Parameters:
    None

    Variables:
    1. A - Holds the data from the csv file
    2. exam_1 = Holds the exam 1 scores column
    3. exam_2 = Holds the exam 2 scores column
    4. exam_3 = Holds the exam 3 scores column
    5. all_exams = Holds all the exam scores.
    6. countP - Holds the number of students that passed the exams.
    7. countF - Holds the number of students that failed the exams.
    8. score - temporary variable that accesses the score at each index.

    Logical Steps:
    1. Initialize the 'A' variable which generates the data from the csv file.
    2. Slice the 3rd column from the file and store it in the variable exam 1.
    3. Call the numpy methods (mean, median, std, min, max) on the 'A' variable.
    4. Slice the 4th column from the file and store it in the variable exam 2.
    5. Repeat step 3.
    6.  Slice the 5th column from the file and store it in the variable exam 3.
    7. Repeat step 3.
    8.  Slice the 3rd - 5th column from the file and store it in the variable all_exams.
    9. Create for loops that have an if-else clause that prints the number of students
    that passed and failed each exam.
    10. Create a for loop that calculates and prints the pass percentage for all exams.

    Returns:
    None


3. Function Name: main()
    Description: Calls both functions

    Parameters:
    None

    Variables:
    None

    Logical Steps:
    1. Calls the students() function
    2. Calls the student_scores() function

    Returns: None

Logical Steps:
1. Create the students() function
2. Create the student_scores() function
3. Call both functions in the main() function.
4. Call the main function to execute the program.

Link to your repository: https://github.com/ADG294/ProgrammingAssignments

